Round2 Todo
I want to start including the functionality of excluding known words
which means I need to start keeping track of known words for each user. 
Maybe two completely separate data tables? one with known words, one with new words?
Or I could even seperate out tokens? Let's keep it simple for now

So I need a table, with user as a reference and word as an indexed column then a known flag, why would a word exist in this table if it is not known? who knowns!

user_word

user has_many user_word

user_word has_one user

user_word columns

user

Work flow in order to take advantage of user_words, I need to load them into the controller when segmentation occurs instead of pulling from the helper file. 
Should I also have these preloaded to make segmentation faster?

But first I need a way for users to add user_words, that should be pretty basic. I need all those pages for create read update and delete
Hahahahaha, another datatable?

I feel I've made a terrible design choice, I don't want every known word to be considered a user_word, do I?
Because right now, in order to mark a word as known, I need to create a user_word for it. 

That's bascially what I'd be doing anyway right? Otherwise I'd have a massive table of dictionary words and then another table to keep track of which users know which words. But I'm not even storing the massive table, so I'd need to create that first. I think this is the only way for now,

But then to mark words as known, I'm essentially just creating an entry in the user_words dict for that word. 

Hmmm, I think the table for known words should be different from user_words?

Then for now I won't enfore that known words be references to other tables? But then what's the difference between known and user? 
When a user marks a word as known, what do they really want from that? Personally I want to not see it when I'm making a word list
But a count of them would still be useful? 

And I also need a way to mark multiple words as known at the same time. So I need a button with some javascript that can round up all the boxes that have been checked or unchecked (or I can just send all words back?) and then update the db. Then I don't need to rerun the analysis, but I'd need a way to have all the numbers update to reflect the new known words? I guess I could just reload the page, or at least reload the table

I got it, when a word is marked known, I look at the hsk and the frequency and I add it to the known word? 
Or no, I can just fetch that information when displaying a word, so that it can be sorted on. 

When a word gets marked as known, I can have javascript that just hides that row of the table??????
And then I can have the form in the background that actually updates the record, so on page load, it won't come back! So just a button that says, mark as known
So the first thing is to figure out this ajax form submit so I can mark a word as known

Could I just add something to the new function in the user_words controller so that it knows it's getting requested via ajax?
But then hang on a minute, then the shingle also needs to be updated with the type of word?

This is getting a little messy.

What's the ideal?
Put the frequency words in the db
user_words in the db
hsk words in the db
single characters in the db?
But then those three/four sources can overlap.........

What's the easiest way to move forward
Use the user_words table as known words, stop using the definition field
it's just a map of word and known
it shouldn't even override USER_WORDS when generating shingles, it's only to mark words as known

In that case, I just need a button on the datatables table that will take the word and just create a new entry (or update if entry exists) a user_word (should really be called known_word)


Now when I load the shingles, I only send unknown words to the client side! that's like totaly minimum viable right there. 


How to I mark a word as known with a button
I need to add a button that automatically visits the create method






Devise

https://github.com/heartcombo/devise

Devise will create some helpers to use inside your controllers and views. To set up a controller with user authentication, just add this before_action (assuming your devise model is 'User'):
before_action :authenticate_user!


To verify if a user is signed in, use the following helper:
user_signed_in?

For the current signed-in user, this helper is available:
current_user

You can access the session for this scope:
user_session





But what you may want to consider is creating (guest) user records implicitly without the normal sign up procedure. I would just use Warden and have a bare bones user model and a cron tab that cleans out unneeded data periodically.



A user visits the site
A guest record is automatically created from their session. 
Anytime they press the process button, the text is saved
and the result is saved. 

If they want to make an account, how to convert the guest account into a real account? a name change, and a password change, I suppose? 


https://github.com/cbeer/devise-guests




Database structure
I will store the word lists in global for now? I production I can store them in s3? Or whatever google's version of that is. 

Users will be handled by devise and devise-guest

Texts will be saved (and the results of the processing, number of words found, estimated difficulty? etc etc)

Tokens will obviously be saved, I could lookup stuff on display like HSK and stuff like that, or I could save it

KnownWords also needs to be saved so I can exclude them by default

Downloads (or at least a record that something was downloaded)



A user visits the site
They paste in some text and hit process - are they already a guest user? Does hitting process result in a database operation? I guess that would make my life easier? then texts and tokens could be partials? and tokens always belong to texts? 

But texts always belong to users

So if a user is deleted, their texts and known words are deleted, which should also delete their tokens.

Also, a typical page would show the edit page for a text and the associated tokens, right?
But everytime you "edit" a text, it would be saved as another text....

I think it would be best to seperate out processing and saving.
That would mean that texts should not editable after they are created
The only thing that can get edited are certain fields of the tokens. 

That also gives me an easy spot to switch a user from guest to logged in. 

So I will keep going on my current path for a little longer, I don't think I'm wasting any time with the ajax thing anymore. 




Get sessions working, when the page reloads, put text from session back in and click the process button (if there is something in the session)(how to access the session from javascript?, ajax call?)


Need to add something to alert people that they need to upload a text file instead of pasting if they get a specific error 
-0400 HTTP Parse error, malformed request
The max was 1024*10 or 10240, so I will put a max of 10,000 characters for that input field, or easier, just take the first 10,000 characters from it. Remember that this is a tool to help people, no is paying me to implement field validators. 

Then I need to add file upload, but obviously you need to be a verified user first right? 


WORKFLOW
User visits a site the first time and they land at the main page with the welcome message
They are immediately registered as a guest user if they have no prior session

The first time they hit process, the text and tokens are saved in the db and they are redirected 



I need to remove words that consist only of spaces, done, I didn't have space in the stop words. But I might want to keep it that way because it parses out english in chunks, I think a better way would be to have no stop words, but convert all whitespace to a single space or a single space to empty string (default behavior of split.join(" ")) before adding unknown.

I also realized that my trie only has the global list in it, but in reality it should probably have access to all the dictionaries, that way when segmenting, I can put the word type, otherwise, I have to segment using only the global list and then check to see if any unknown words are in the user dict or finally the community dict, is that better? 

This way I would be able to override global with user rather than global be the main guy, right? It would feel more consistant as well? 

The reasion I build the trie and the hash at the same time is to save time because the file has lots of rows in it,
But maybe I should add a method to add words to the trie? yeah because I add words to the hash after the fact, why not add words to the trie? ok I'll take a look at that, maybe in the meantime, though I just look at unknown words and update their type if I see them? 


Add ability to remove unknowns of certain count, this should all just be able to be done client side, right?
nah, because then I can't have the script without rails. DataTables should just be exploratory. searching and sorting?
filters have to be server side then...?

User gets all the defaults copied to their account on creation. Restore default restores whatever the defaults are set to when the default is restored, so if the default changes in the meantime, it wouldn't be "restored" back to the original. 




Clean up datatables ajax requests like this guys
https://www.gyrocode.com/articles/jquery-datatables-how-to-show-loading-indicator-during-table-reload/



For my token edit view
http://railscasts.com/episodes/198-edit-multiple-individually?view=asciicast

This seems to be exactly what I want for my tokens?
https://editor.datatables.net/examples/inline-editing/simple